README.md, before:

# Work Day Scheduler
daily planner broken in to hours that store events

UCLA Bootcamp Challenge 5 - Module 5 - Third Party APIs

Due Date 9/12/2022

## Challenge Task
---

Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day.

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/Images/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Requirements
---

- When daily planner is opened the current date and time is shown at the top
- As I scroll down hourly time blocks are presented for a standard business hours
- 



```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```



## Final Submission
---
1. Work day scheduler application is deployed and can be seen at: [Daily Planner](https://me-ross.github.io/work-day-scheduler/)

2. Repository for Work day scheduler application can be found at: [GitHub](https://github.com/Me-ross/work-day-scheduler/)

Commit message:

previously entered events retrievable from storage, READme updated

README.md, after:

# Work Day Scheduler
daily planner broken in to hours that store events

UCLA Bootcamp Challenge 5 - Module 5 - Third Party APIs

Due Date 9/12/2022

## Challenge Task
---

Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day.

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/Images/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Requirements
---

- When daily planner is opened the current date and time is shown at the top
- As I scroll down hourly time blocks are presented for a standard business hours
- each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future (like the picture below):

![color-coded calendar with colors for each hour of a business day.](./Assets/Images/hourswithcolor.jpg)

- clicking into a timeblock allows you enter a new event
- the save button style is specified by the fontawesome
- clicking the save button stores the value of the event into localstorage
- upton refresh calendar retrieves any saved events previously stored in localstorage. (like the picture below)

![events entered in timeblock showing localstorage that has stored the events](./Assets/Images/showstorage.jpg)


## Final Submission
---
1. Work day scheduler application is deployed and can be seen at: [Daily Planner](https://me-ross.github.io/work-day-scheduler/)

2. Repository for Work day scheduler application can be found at: [GitHub](https://github.com/Me-ross/work-day-scheduler/)
